This project will be focused on transmitting data from a computer to a microcontroller specifically it will transmit image data in the form of bytes ideally it will be able to transmit both RGB and black and white image data. There are several ways to do this. My focus will be wireless instead of wired communication. The options are wifi, bluetooth, and radio and in each of the domains the main algorithms would be the protocols for communication and the main design aspect is going to be sequence diagrams and I may be able to establish my own protocol to achieve this effect of data sharing. Because the focus is protocols this should be able to work with any microcontroller that can support these protocols 

I will be using the ESP32 chip which can support Wi-fi as such this is how I am going to be doing this communication. I will be using the TCP protocol to communicate. I will be using a server-client communication based module. In this case my python script will act as a server and the ESP32 will act as the client. Furthermore I decided to add a little to the project and make it easier for non programmers to use. I am going to use google firebase which is a backend that has a nice python API and library. I will be using firebase as a database where users will upload images to a website these images will be stored in firebase  and my script will then use the API to get the images from the firebase module and then my python script will send that image information to the ESP 32 so my python server acts like a middle man between the user and microcontroller. 

I have a specific test path for this project. I will start by sending a string via TCP between two computers. I want to make sure I can send simple information over the internet using my protocol and a computer is much easier to send to than a microcontroller. I will then try sending image data between computers to see how sending more advanced information works. I will then try the string again this time with the ESP32 and then try to move to image data. After that I will work on the firebase integration. The main goal is to get communication between my computer and the microcontroller established wirelessly. After that I can focus on the firebase integration if time allows for it. 
